In this video, we're going to learn the definition of the kernel and the image of
a linear transformation. So let's suppose we have a linear transformation T
going from a domain of R^4, a codomain of R^3 given by the standard
matrix that I have written down here. So our first definition
is of the image of a linear transformation.
And basically the image is just all the things in the codomain that get mapped to
by something in the domain. So if I wanted to write this down formally, we
can say the image of T is defined by
the set of all things in the codomain. So I'll say maybe the set of all vectors v
in our codomain, which in this case is R^3,
such that. It gets mapped to
by something from the domain. So there's some w
in our domain, which in this case is R^4,  that T sends
over to v. So for a quick example here.
We can see that if I take the vector, say, 2 1
3 0 and apply T to that
quick computation shows and this is a quick practice
of standard A2 if you like, that we get 10, 5, 9
out. So this tells us that the vector 10,
5, 9 is in the image
of T. This one is a capital I. So
that's all the image is -- all the things in the codomain that there is something in the domain that gets mapped
to them. In a later video, we'll talk about how to actually describe all
of those things. The other definition we want to do here is what's called
a kernel of a linear transformation. So the kernel, instead
of being a subspace of the codomain, is a subspace of the domain.
And the kernel is--I always think of this as all the things in the domain that get squished down
to the zero vector. So kernel of T
is the set of all vectors b in the domain R^4
such that T sends it to the
zero vector. So all the things that get mapped to the zero vector.
So for a quick example,
if I apply T to the vector -2, 1, 0,0
then for the moment I've just pulled this vector out of
a hat and in a later video we'll talk about where it comes from. But we can
check really quickly again, practicing A2, that we get the vector
0 0 0 out. So because of that,
that tells us that the vector negative 2 1 0
0 is an element
of the kernel of this linear transformation.
In later videos, we'll talk about how to find all the vectors in the image and
all the vectors in the kernel.